#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements-dev.txt --strip-extras requirements-dev.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-cors-headers
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   wmctrl
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
blessed==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
crispy-tailwind==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-import-export
dj-database-url==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
dj-rest-auth==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   crispy-tailwind
    #   dj-database-url
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-multiselectfield
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-q2
    #   django-recaptcha
    #   django-storages
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
django-allauth==65.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-crispy-forms==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   crispy-tailwind
django-debug-toolbar==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-environ==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-impersonate==1.9.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-import-export==4.3.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-jazzmin==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-multiselectfield==0.1.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-picklefield==3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-q2
django-q2==1.7.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-recaptcha==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-storages==1.14.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fancycompleter==0.9.1
    # via pdbpp
gevent==24.11.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
ipython==9.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
numpy==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   gunicorn
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pdbpp==0.10.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via black
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   pdbpp
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyrepl==0.9.0
    # via fancycompleter
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
rpds-py==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sentry-sdk==2.22.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   blessed
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
supervisor==4.2.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
tablib==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-import-export
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dj-database-url
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
wmctrl==0.5
    # via pdbpp
xlsxwriter==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
